Adds guidance for referencing other files in file URIs when working with local content. (#2570)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/working-with-local-content.md

*  The document has an origin that is unique to its file path. This means that web APIs that require an origin such as `localStorage` or `indexedDB` will work, but the stored data will not be available to other local documents loaded from other file paths.
*  Some web APIs are limited to secure HTTPS URLs only and are not available to documents loaded by file URLs. This includes APIs such as `navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia()` to acquire video or sound, `navigator.geolocation.getCurrentPosition()` to access the device's location, or `Notification.requestPermission()` to request the user's permission to display notifications.
*  For each resource, the full path must be specified.

> *  To allow references to other local files from file URIs or to display XML files with XSL transormations, you can set the `--allow-file-access-from-files` [browser argument](dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2environmentoptions.additionalbrowserarguments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  To allow references to other local files from file URIs, or to display XML files with XSL transformations applied, you can set the `--allow-file-access-from-files` browser argument.  See [CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.AdditionalBrowserArguments Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2environmentoptions.additionalbrowserarguments).
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2environmentoptions.additionalbrowserarguments?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1722.45
